
✔  functions: Finished running predeploy script.
i  functions: preparing codebase default for deployment
i  functions: ensuring required API cloudfunctions.googleapis.com is enabled...
i  functions: ensuring required API cloudbuild.googleapis.com is enabled...
i  artifactregistry: ensuring required API artifactregistry.googleapis.com is enabled...
✔  functions: required API cloudfunctions.googleapis.com is enabled
✔  artifactregistry: required API artifactregistry.googleapis.com is enabled
✔  functions: required API cloudbuild.googleapis.com is enabled
i  functions: Loading and analyzing source code for codebase default to determine what to 
i  functions: Loading and analyzing source code for codebase default to determine what to deploy
Serving at port 8755

i  extensions: ensuring required API firebaseextensions.googleapis.com is enabled...
✔  extensions: required API firebaseextensions.googleapis.com is enabled
i  functions: Loaded environment variables from .env.
i  functions: preparing functions directory for uploading...
i  functions: packaged /Users/awais/Downloads/sunlink-main/functions (87.76 KB) for upload
i  functions: packaged /Users/awais/Downloads/sunlink-main/functions (87.76 KB) for uploading
i  functions: ensuring required API run.googleapis.com is enabled...
i  functions: ensuring required API eventarc.googleapis.com is enabled...
i  functions: ensuring required API pubsub.googleapis.com is enabled...
i  functions: ensuring required API storage.googleapis.com is enabled...
✔  functions: required API run.googleapis.com is enabled
✔  functions: required API eventarc.googleapis.com is enabled
✔  functions: required API pubsub.googleapis.com is enabled
✔  functions: required API storage.googleapis.com is enabled
i  functions: generating the service identity for pubsub.googleapis.com...
i  functions: generating the service identity for eventarc.googleapis.com...
i  functions: Skipping the deploy of unchanged functions.
✔  functions[mosaicAnalysis(us-central1)] Skipped (No changes detected)
✔  functions[checkSurveyAvailability(us-central1)] Skipped (No changes detected)
✔  functions[createStripe(us-central1)] Skipped (No changes detected)
✔  functions[verifyStripeSession(us-central1)] Skipped (No changes detected)
✔  functions[testCallable(us-central1)] Skipped (No changes detected)

✔  Deploy complete!

